Now before we proceed with the rest of the tutorial you know what I would like to take a detour and
in fact change some color values because I believe we're going to be able to see a little bit better
as we're working with our syntax.
So I apologize but we're gonna have to head over back to style see assess and add some hex colors to
our cells.
Now what I'm going to do right now is in fact create multiple selectors.
So we're gonna say something like that.
Now I'm only going to add colors to our five selves.
So let's type your cell and then we're going to go in fact with one then two and you get the gist three
four and five.
So these ones will be generic and I'm just gonna leave them at the end because I might add some cells
and might remove them but I would want some basic wants to have some kind of colouring because I believe
it's going to be easier for us to work with them right now.
So let's roll back to style C assess like I said and maybe let's increase the border.
So I'm going to go with let's say three pixels just so we can see more clear.
Where are our items now.
That's number one.
And then also I'm gonna go with color of white.
So f f f and like I said let's add some coloring so let's say Cell Number one he is going to have a
background and I'm gonna go with the same color that we used for Flex box sartorial.
So let's go with 5 8 1 F 1 8.
So and then what I'm going to do right now is in fact copy and paste it.
I need five of them.
So now I do have them and let's just change first through all these selectors.
So three four and five and now we're going to change the actual colors as well.
So let's go with f 0 a 2 0 2 0 2.
Well that is going to be my yellow 1 and 9.
Let's also change this one to orange.
So the 9 5 D 3 9 D 3 9 something like that that is going to be my orange one.
Then we have one more let's say blue one or two see 5 9.
Well that is going to be my blue one.
And then let's say the fifth is going to be green.
So hashtag f or M's are not f just 5 1 CB and 2 0.
Now again I apologize I probably should have done this when we were doing the setup but as I started
working with my cells I just noticed that I think this is going to help us a little bit more where we
have different coloring for ourselves so that way we can see more clearer.
Well how our grid is in fact performing.
All right.
So once we have added the colors now we're ready to move on to our next topic.